README.md, before:

# Hey there, I'm Ashmita! 👋

🎓 **Year 2 Computer Science + Entrepreneurship Undergraduate @ National University of Singapore** </br>
💡 Interested in Full-stack Web Dev, UI/UX, and Tech Entrepreneurship </br>
🌱 Currently learning React + TypeScript, improving DSA knowledge </br>
🌸 I love mixing tech with creativity, currently working on a retro video-game–themed personal website!</br>

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=flat&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-%23CC342D.svg?style=flat&logo=ruby&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=flat&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=flat&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=flat&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-%23FE4B4B.svg?style=flat&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white) ![Rails](https://img.shields.io/badge/rails-%23CC0000.svg?style=flat&logo=ruby-on-rails&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ashmitahaldar&theme=rose&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=ashmitahaldar&theme=rose&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ashmitahaldar&theme=rose&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ashmitahaldar&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Add learning goals in README
Updated learning goals to include C++ basics.

README.md, after:

# Hey there, I'm Ashmita! 👋

🎓 **Year 2 Computer Science + Entrepreneurship Undergraduate @ National University of Singapore** </br>
💡 Interested in Full-stack Web Dev, UI/UX, and Tech Entrepreneurship </br>
🌱 Currently learning React + TypeScript, improving DSA knowledge, and trying to learn C++ basics </br>
🌸 I love mixing tech with creativity, currently working on a retro video-game–themed personal website!</br>

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=flat&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-%23CC342D.svg?style=flat&logo=ruby&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=flat&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=flat&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=flat&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-%23FE4B4B.svg?style=flat&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white) ![Rails](https://img.shields.io/badge/rails-%23CC0000.svg?style=flat&logo=ruby-on-rails&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ashmitahaldar&theme=rose&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=ashmitahaldar&theme=rose&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ashmitahaldar&theme=rose&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ashmitahaldar&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
